CSS Grid Container
To make an HTML element behave as a grid container, you have to set the display property to grid or inline-grid.

Grid containers consist of grid items, placed inside columns and rows.

The grid property is a shorthand property for the following properties:

grid-template-rows
grid-template-columns
grid-template-areas
grid-auto-rows
grid-auto-columns
grid-auto-flow

Default value:	none none none auto auto row
grid: none|grid-template-rows / grid-template-columns|grid-template-areas|grid-template-rows / [grid-auto-flow] grid-auto-columns|[grid-auto-flow] grid-auto-rows / grid-template-columns|initial|inherit;




The grid-template-columns Property
The grid-template-columns property defines the number of columns in your grid layout, and it can define the width of each column.

The value is a space-separated-list, where each value defines the length of the respective column.

The grid-template-rows Property
The grid-template-rows property defines the height of each row.

The justify-content Property
The justify-content property is used to align the whole grid inside the container.

The align-content Property
The align-content property is used to vertically align the whole grid inside the container.

CSS Grid Item
Child Elements (Items)
A grid container contains grid items.

By default, a container has one grid item for each column, in each row, but you can style the grid items so that they will span multiple columns and/or rows.

The grid-column Property:
The grid-column property defines on which column(s) to place an item.

The grid-row Property:
The grid-row property defines on which row to place an item.

The grid-area Property
The grid-area property can be used as a shorthand property for the grid-row-start, grid-column-start, grid-row-end and the grid-column-end properties.

Naming Grid Items
The grid-area property can also be used to assign names to grid items.
Each row is defined by apostrophes (' ')
The columns in each row is defined inside the apostrophes, separated by a space.
Note: A period sign represents a grid item with no name.

The Order of the Items
The Grid Layout allows us to position the items anywhere we like.

